---
title: '2024.08 Update: Where I've Been Since Pomona'
date: 2024-08-09
permalink: /posts/2024/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - career
  - life update
---

Hi Everyone! Here's an update to my life since I've graduated from **Pomona College**. My time has been spent serving with **AmeriCorps**, and now I am preparing to **research**.

======

I needed to retreat into obscurity upon commencement to process my undergraduate experience from a drastically changing institution in response to COVID and the community's frustrations. (Yes, the word salad is intentional) To catch y'all up to speed, I finished the last semester of my undergraduate education Fall 2022. Since then, I knew I wanted to return to  education and support other first-generation low-income students in public schools and give back to my communities as a break from academia. It was actually **Brendan** (PO'22) who introduced me to the AmeriCorps program **City Year** as he served with them in **Los Angeles**. So, I signed up for City Year **Tulsa** and served at Nathan Hale High School with an incredible team of peers who I can call my friends for life.

Returning to a public school environment had been challenging, but serving students with my fellow AmeriCorps members made it all worth it. I will never forget the trials and triumphs our team of eight endured and the many unique, bright, and wonderful students I served. Unfortunately, I had to leave service in March due to an unforeseen abrupt **family emergency**. I returned to Vietnam and struggled to make sense of what would come next for me.

------

Now, I am ecstatic to share that I have accepted a position as a **lab manager and research coordinator at the Neuroscience of Education Research on Development Lab at the University of Missouri Columbia**! Our lab investigates how **hand gestures** influence **language processing and development**, especially in **populations with ASD**. I credit my service term for allowing me to engage with the youths of today and apply what I've learned as a Linguistics major. Invigorated with an insatiable curiosity to dissect the inner-workings of education within our communities, I am committed to supporting educators, students, and families through my upcoming research role this academic year. 

Excited to return to an academic environment, at Mizzou no less! Go Tigers!
